In this video, we're going to get a better idea of the Bugs library and how it works with Reddit server
and then eventually understand how we're going to use it inside of our project.
Okay.
So in this diagram, this is not what we are doing with Bull.
This is a diagram of what people traditionally use bull for.
So I just want you to understand a little bit of background about this library.
So in this imaginary scenario right here, we might have an application where a user can make a request
with the intent to convert some video file from one format, such as an MP four to another format such
as MKV.
If you are not familiar with these file format for video, no problem whatsoever is just an example.
All I mean to say is that this request, in order to fulfill it, we need a lot of processing power.
Now, rather than doing a conversion task like this on some immediate web server, we will very frequently
instead have some kind of worker server, some separate machine, some separate container or something
else inside of our app that is completely standalone and separate from the web server.
The goal of this worker server is to have some actual video conversion process go on.
In this diagram, I'm showing just one worker server, but we might very easily have multiple copies
of this worker server like so.
Whenever someone makes this incoming request right here to our web server, it's going to queue something
called a job.
A job is really nothing more than a plain JavaScript object.
It describes some amount of processing that needs to be done on some particular thing.
Well, it's going to send this job object over to this Reddit server where Reddit is going to store
this list of jobs.
Then each of these different worker servers are going to consistently pull this right of server and
wait for some job to appear.
As soon as some job shows up, this worker is going to pull that job off, do some processing on it,
and then send a message back over to Reddit's to say that the processing is complete.
That's it.
That's what bull is really used for.
Now, just be really clear.
Bull gets used both on this web server over here and inside of each of these worker servers as well.
SAPOL is really handling the entire process, everything from setting up the initial job to processing
it to sending back some notification to say that the job is complete.
In this respect.
This entire read server and bull thing might actually seem kind of similar to our entire event processing
setup with Nat streaming server and the node NAT streaming client that we are using.
They are somewhat similar in nature.
However, we would not really want to use bul or doing the kind of event processing that you and I are
doing or the kind of async messaging between our different services.
The reason for that is that bull is simply not designed for it.
Well, it's designed for kind of one off little jobs.
It's not really intended to be handling a vast or huge number of messages as that streaming server is.
Okay.
So now just a little couple more pieces of terminology around bull.
So when we start to make use of bull, just one additional piece of terminology I want to add inside
of here, we're going to create something called a queue.
A queue is essentially the main abstraction inside a bull.
A Q represents some series of messages that we want to queue up.
And eventually process over time.
So we're going to use pull to specifically create a queue.
When we create the key, we're also going to specify exactly what we want to do with messages that are
flowing through it.
And finally, here's essentially what's going to be going on inside of our app.
So in our case, we do not have any separate worker server.
Everything is contained entirely inside the expiration service.
So for us, this web server right here and the worker server over here are really just one single server
and we're really just making use of bull for this kind of delayed messaging aspect and to make sure
that if the expiration service ever goes down, chances are the server will not also go down.
Hopefully it won't anyways.
So that's where you really using Bull and red is for inside this project.
So now that we have some vague idea of what's going on here, let's start to write out some code around
bullet in the next video.
And I think you'll see pretty soon that it's pretty easy and straightforward to make use of.